Blackjack, as defined here, is a simplified spin on the classic casino card game. Some shortcuts
are taken to make it easier to implement, but the game should still work nearly how you expect!

In Blackjack, the player attempts to assemble a "hand" of cards with as high a value as possible
without going over 21, by drawing cards until they decide to stop. Once the player has finished
assembling their hand, the dealer draws cards until their hand has a value of at least 16. The
winner is then whoever has the highest hand value, unless the player or dealer exceeded a hand
value of 21.

GAME START & PLAYER TURN
When a round of Blackjack begins, the player automatically draws two cards and the dealer draws one,
in that order. The player turn then begins, and the player can draw as many cards as they wish until
their hand's value reaches or exceeds 21. Importantly, the player needs to be told both their own score
and the score of the dealer's one card before each time they decide whether to draw a card. The player
can at any time decide to stop drawing cards, which then locks their hand value and progresses the game
to the dealer's turn.

DEALER TURN
During the dealer's turn, the dealer draws cards until their hand's value is at least 16 then stops.

WINNING & LOSING
Having a total hand value of greater than 21 is considered a "bust". If the player draws a card that
results in their hand's value exceeding 21, they lose. In this case, the dealer's turn can be skipped
and the game ends immediately. If the player instead ends their turn with a score less than or equal
to 21 and the dealer draws a card resulting in their score exceeding 21, the player wins. If neither
of these cases happens, the winner is whoever has a greater hand value. If the two hand values are the
same, the player wins. When the winner is decided, the game over state should be told to the player alongside
the final hand values of the player and the dealer. Note: This means that a tie is impossible according to
these rules.

CARD VALUES
Cards with a number rank (2-10) have a value equal to that number. Face cards (Jack, Queen, King) have a
value of 10. Aces have a value of 11, but if a hand containing an ace has a value over 21 aces can
instead be counted as a one.